Update ARIA required properties rule to WAI-ARIA 1.2 (#1868)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/role-required-states-and-properties-4e8ab6.md

```html
<div role="scrollbar" aria-controls="content" aria-valuenow="0"></div>
<main id="content"></main>
```

### Passed Example 4

These `option` nodes do not need the required `aria-selected` property because it has a default value of `false`.

```html
<div id="label">Tags</div>
<ul role="listbox" aria-labelledby="label">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

### Passed Example 5

This `separator` is not a `widget` because it is not [focusable][]. The `separator` role only requires the `aria-valuenow` property when the element is focusable.

```html
<p>My first HTML</p>
<div role="separator"></div>
<p>My last HTML</p>
```

#### Passed Example 6

This `combobox` has the required properties `aria-controls` and `aria-expanded`.

```html
<label for="tag_combo">Tag</label>
<input type="text" id="tag_combo" role="combobox" aria-expanded="true" aria-controls="popup_listbox" />
<ul role="listbox" id="popup_listbox">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option" id="selected_option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

### Failed

#### Failed Example 1

> This `heading` does not have the required `aria-level` property. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `heading` role had an implicit default `aria-level` value of `2`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about putting "historical" details in the descriptions 🤔 Maybe just saying that the property has no default (no need to say how it was in the previous versions, people can look at them on their own).
```suggestion
This `heading` does not have the required `aria-level` property, which has no default value.
```

```html
<div role="heading">
	My First Heading
</div>
```

#### Failed Example 2

> This `switch` does not have the required `aria-checked` property. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `switch` role had an implicit default `aria-checked` value of `false`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `switch` does not have the required `aria-checked` property, which has no default value.

```html
<div role="switch">
	Toggle me
</div>
```

> #### Failed Example 3

Reviewer: It also sounds that these 3 examples are here to highlight the differences between ARIA 1.1 and 1.2 (with default disappearing), which I don't think is the goal of ACT rules. We can probably remove one or two of them.

> This `checkbox` does not have the required property `aria-checked`. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `checkbox` had an implicit default `aria-checked` value of `false`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `checkbox` does not have the required property `aria-checked`, which has no default value.
```

```html
<div role="checkbox" aria-labelledby="label"></div>
<div id="label">Check me</div>
```

#### Failed Example 4

This `separator` does not have the required `aria-valuenow` property. This is required because the `separator` is [focusable][], which makes it a `widget`.

```html
<p>My first HTML</p>
<div role="separator" tabindex="0"></div>
<p>My last HTML</p>
```

#### Failed Example 5

> This `combobox` does not have the required `aria-expanded` property. Prior to [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] the `combobox` had an implicit default `aria-expanded` value of `false`. As of WAI-ARIA 1.2 this property must be explicitly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `combobox` does not have the required `aria-expanded` property, which has no default value.
```

```html
<label for="tag_combo">Tag</label>
<input type="text" id="tag_combo" role="combobox" aria-controls="popup_listbox" />
<ul role="listbox" id="popup_listbox">
	<li role="option">Zebra</li>
	<li role="option" id="selected_option">Zoom</li>
</ul>
```

#### Failed Example 6

> This `combobox` uses `aria-owns` where it should use `aria-controls` property. This property is required as of [WAI-ARIA 1.1][].

Reviewer: I don't really understand this description.
Does it mean that `aria-owns` used to be required on `combobox` but isn't anymore? It seems that [combobox in ARIA 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#combobox) was already requiring `aria-controls` and `aria-expanded` (unchanged in ARIA 1.2) and wasn't required `aria-owns`.
So, I don't understand this test case (why is it needed and what does it test?)
